Of course I also already thought about 
NFT-Ghostchain with the 0,01% net-profit 
share per ghost by just holding. I would 
like it very much!

Also I think that pavia (maybe a Estate, 
depends on votes & liquidity) could be a 
very nice choice in order to maybe produce 
passive or sale profit sometimes in future…
it’s a risk but also huge opportunity cause 
i feel that pavia try all they can to make 
metaverse possible on the Cardano blockchain. 

I do not own a pavia estate yet!

To be honest I also thought about maybe propose 
other DAO‘s NFT‘s, maybe The Emerald NFT DAO, 
that was minted in a quite same timeframe as us Rats.
I am not Holder of Emerald but I am in their 
discord & want to see how they will decide/ 
what they do. It could and maybe will create 
Somehow passive income for us.

A Berry could be a good sign for the community
and also positiv in media & news related for 
our Rats DAO. But I also would not propose to 
Risk Liquidity in first place for berry. 
Let’s make second mint if possible (dev side?)
in a X voted pieces mint in ~ 2-4 weeks and 
grow without pressure.

We can use time to prepare new mint, 
#ratsfollowrats or whatever for 
Twitter & Co and whatever it needs 
to promote as a closed 1.000 piece 
founder community with our concept of
‚be a part of it & vote‘ community 
NFT ‚wallet‘ with financial benefits 
for holding. Also we should Setup 
budget for giveaway 10 to 50 Rats DAO 
for Twitter, discord, other giveaway's,…

It’s not a nice topic, no hate nor love, 
try to be objective concerning for a vote 
to buy a bcrc. Every individual founder of 
us Rats is different. It could be good, 
it could be bad, but we should vote to 
give the possibility.

I will workout a overview about most 
important project based on category 
small & mid-range (big is saving for 
Berry after mint 2?) and projects 
based most objectively in order of 
sales opencnft the next days. devs 
then could workout and combine our 
proposals to make voting for roadmap 
4-6 weeks available soon.

For the long run we Rats should also 
foresee what will come after 6 weeks 
if we have (in best possible way, few 
hundred or even thousands - based on 
Vote how many mints for mint 2 and demand) 
new members, that are also allowed to vote. 
Let’s not oversee the risks, to implement 
1.000 new members in voting/proposal procedure. 
Pure Chaos probably. Let’s also prepare 
another vote (for us founders) what will
happen afterwards for steps after mint 2.

As founders we should also speak about mint 
price and advantages as founder (pre-sale, 
how many mints per founder, special airdrop 
with small utility) and so on…

I also liked the idea of different divisions 
- but this for the long run, now as small 
team we have to make quick decisions for 
near/mid future at least for 2022 roadmap. 
Divisions could also be part of special airdrop. T
Those different divisions could be part of 
different objective for future proposals/topics
Or so. Don’t forget that we already have 
different Rats as the NFT we hold as founder. GN
